Edit `SHOW SERIES` docs (#3923)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/query_language/explore-schema.md

If the query does not include `ON <database_name>`, you must specify the
database with `USE <database_name>` in the [CLI](/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/tools/influx-cli/use-influx/) or with the `db` query
string parameter in the [InfluxDB API](/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/tools/api/#query-string-parameters) request.

> Show series will only show what's in the default RP,
> and will fail if no default RP is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SHOW SERIES` only returns series in the database's default retention policy,
and fails if there is no default retention policy.
```
